in the occupied West Bank at least two
Palestinians have been killed in
overnight Israeli
attacks gunfire was reported in the
kalanda refugee camp and in the city of
Janine Israeli forces use bulldozers to
tear up the roads Rory Talons joins us
now live from occupied East Jerusalem
Rory phison on the details of these
raids and tell us what's still happening
there
well Janine seems to be uh the biggest
of these raids at the moment I'll focus
on that Janine is so often a flasho in
violence between the Israeli Army and
and Palestinian Fighters deadly clashes
there are a pretty frequent occurrence
it's where our colleague Shireen abule
was killed last year uh several armed
Palestinian groups have a presence there
including Hamas including Islamic Jihad
including the armed wing of fata and the
Israeli Army often goes in in there and
raids a refugee camp in the in the city
they're in there at the moment the
Israelis they have been there for about
8 hours since midnight local time last
night they've closed off uh entrance and
exit points to the refugee camp uh they
have raided homes they've arrested uh at
least nine people five we understand
from the same family there has been one
confirmed death uh from uh the red
crescent confirmed by the red crescent
the Israeli Army has been using uh
loudspeakers it's station snipers it's
been using bulldozers uh it's been using
drones and reports of an attack
helicopter in the sky as well people on
the ground there are saying that this is
the the biggest Israeli military
operation in Janine since a huge one
last uh or this July but there are other
clashes going on around the occupied
West Bank as well the haa Camp uh that's
refugee camp that's in Bethlehem we
understand that one person has been
killed there and and an ongoing raid in
the Bata refugee camp in nablas two
people injured there was a a raid there
yesterday which killed five in a strike
on a fata building and we understand
that they're hitting that building again
and as you mentioned kalander refugee
camp two people uh been shot there and
transferred to hospital so yes we're
we're focusing on Gaza all the time at
the moment but of course this is a
reminder that the West Bank the occupied
West Bank is continuing to boil indeed
it is Roy talin ra the latest there from
occupied EAS slim thanks very much Rory